update project permissions (#9122)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/accounts/membership.mdx

All users and their organization-level roles are listed in **Settings > Members**. Users can hold any of the following org-level roles:

- **Billing** users can manage payment and compliance details.

> - **Org Members** can view most data in the organization and act on issues. They can join and leave teams, and access projects their teams own.  For Business and Enterprise plans, members can also create personal projects.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Org Members** can view most data in the organization and act on issues. They can join and leave teams, and access projects their teams own. For Business and Enterprise plans, members can also create personal projects.
```

| Can transfer projects to another organization                                   |             |            |           |             | ✓         |
| Can remove an organization                                                      |             |            |           |             | ✓         |

> \*For Business and Enterprise plans, Org Members who are not a Team Admin for any team can create a new personal project. When creating this project, the member can add a new personal team that they will become a Team Admin for. [Team Admin permissions](#permissions-1) will then apply for this team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*For Business and Enterprise plans, even Org Members who are not a Team Admin for any team can create a new personal project. When creating this project, the member will get assigned a new personal team that they will become a Team Admin for. [Team Admin permissions](#permissions-1) will then apply for this team.
```

Reviewer: Adding this change only because they don't create the team, we automatically create the team for them when the try to create a new project.

Author: Thanks for clarifying!
